As for you
Hey
Sun Shangshu is the elder of the three dynasties
From the first grade, I would like to be a concubine with the prime minister of the current dynasty
It also matters in the harem
The power is intertwined
Oops now by evidence
So Your Majesty means that in the long run
Don't turn your face
Do you mean that I have suffered for nothing?
Uh-hmm, that's right.
Lord Qin has to endure humiliation and burden
It seems that Lord Qin doesn't plan to deal with villains anymore
If so
The little one will retire first.
Lord Qin, we will have an appointment later.
Stop
Did I let you go?
I don't know what advice Lord Qin has?
Do you really think I can't cure you?
Qin Feng
Don't think that having an official body is great
These sixth-rank officials are all over the capital
But it can move my grandson's bed
Haven't shown up yet
Lord Qin
Take it easy
What if I really want to punish you?
Ok I'll stand right here
You dare to touch me
Good Lord Zhang
If I remember correctly
There is such a rule in the law that the scholars of the country ship
Once expelled from the national ship due to a major offense
Never enter the dynasty as an official
Are you right?
Nice
There is indeed such a batch